Split getting-started guide (#315)
garnix-io/garn: website/src/docs/tutorial.mdx

import { AsideText } from "../components/Aside.tsx";
import { BashSnippetToCopy } from "../components/BashSnippetToCopy";
import { Hovernote } from "../components/Hovernote.tsx";
import { Garnix, Garn } from "../components/Typography";

export const info = {
  name: "tutorial",
  url: "tutorial",
  index: 2,
};

> # Your first `garn.ts` config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Tutorial

## Your first `garn.ts` config
```

> All examples in this getting started guide are also available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All examples in this tutorial are also available
```
